.TH CAS 1 "January 2010" "cas v0.8" "aMule utilities"
.als B_untranslated B
.als RB_untranslated RB
.SH NAME
cas \- c aMule statistics
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B_untranslated cas
.RB_untranslated [ \-o ]
.RB_untranslated [ \-p ]
.RB [ \-c " " \fI<path> ]

.B_untranslated cas
.RB_untranslated [ \-h ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBcas\fR is a program for displaying the contents of your aMule online
signature file to console (in a human readable form). For this to work, you
must enable the "Online Signature" option in aMule's preferences.
.TP
.B_untranslated [ \-o\fR, \fB\-\-picture\fR, \fB\-P ]\fR
Writes the online signature picture.
You can optionally append \fI=<PATH>\fR to this option, to specify the location it should be written to.
.TP
.B_untranslated [ \-p\fR, \fB\-\-html\fR, \fB\-H ]\fR
HTML page with stats and picture.
You can optionally append \fI=<PATH>\fR to this option, to specify the location it should be written to.
.TP
\fB[ \-c\fR \fI<path>\fR, \fB\-\-config\-dir\fR=\fI<path>\fR \fB]\fR
Read config from \fI<path>\fR instead of home
.TP
.B_untranslated [ \-h\fR, \fB\-\-help ]\fR
Prints a short usage description.
.P
Without any options, it prints online signature data to stdout.

\fBcas\fR was written by Pedro de Oliveira <falso@rdk.homeip.net>
.SH FILES
~/.aMule/casrc
.br
stat.png
.br
tmp.html
.SH REPORTING BUGS
Please report bugs either on our forum (\fIhttp://forum.amule.org/\fR), or in our bugtracker (\fIhttp://bugs.amule.org/\fR).
Please do not report bugs in e-mail, neither to our mailing list nor directly to any team member.
.SH COPYRIGHT
aMule and all of its related utilities are distributed under the GNU General Public License.
.SH SEE ALSO
.B_untranslated amule\fR(1), \fBwxcas\fR(1)
.SH AUTHOR
This manpage was written by Vollstrecker <amule@vollstreckernet.de>
