.TH AMULED 1 "January 2010" "aMule Daemon v2.3.0" "aMule Daemon"
.als B_untranslated B
.als RB_untranslated RB
.SH NAME
amuled \- the all\-platform eMule p2p client \- daemonized version
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B_untranslated amuled
.RB [ \-c " " \fI<path> ]
.RB_untranslated [ \-f ]
.RB [ \-p " " \fI<path> ]
.RB_untranslated [ \-e ]
.RB_untranslated [ \-o ]
.RB_untranslated [ \-r ]
.RB [ \-w " " \fI<path> ]
.RB_untranslated [ \-d ]
.RB_untranslated [ \-i ]
.RB [ \-t " " \fI<num> ]
.RI [ eD2k-link ]

.B_untranslated amuled
.RB_untranslated [ \-v ]

.B_untranslated amuled
.RB_untranslated [ \-h ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.TP
\fB[ \-c\fR \fI<path>\fR, \fB\-\-config\-dir\fR=\fI<path>\fR \fB]\fR
Read config from \fI<path>\fR instead of home
.TP
.B_untranslated [ \-f\fR, \fB\-\-full\-daemon ]\fR
Forks to background.
.TP
\fB[ \-p\fR \fI<path>\fR, \fB\-\-pid\-file\fR=\fI<path>\fR \fB]\fR
After fork, create a pid-file in the \fI<path>\fR.
\fI<path>\fR has to contain the filename.
.TP
.B_untranslated [ \-e\fR, \fB\-\-ec\-config ]\fR
Configure EC (External Connections).
.TP
.B_untranslated [ \-o\fR, \fB\-\-log\-stdout ]\fR
Prints log messages to stdout.
.TP
.B_untranslated [ \-r\fR, \fB\-\-reset\-config ]\fR
Resets config to default values.
.TP
\fB[ \-w\fR \fI<path>\fR, \fB\-\-use\-amuleweb\fR=\fI<path>\fR \fB]\fR
Specify location of amuleweb binary to \fI<path>\fR.
.TP
.B_untranslated [ \-d\fR, \fB\-\-disable\-fatal ]\fR
Does not handle fatal exception.
.TP
.B_untranslated [ \-i\fR, \fB\-\-enable\-stdin ]\fR
Does not disable stdin.
.TP
\fB[ \-t\fR, \fB\-\-category\fR=\fI<num>\fR \fB]\fR
Set category for passed eD2k links to \fI<num>\fR
.TP
.B_untranslated [ \-v\fR, \fB\-\-version ]\fR
Displays the current version number.
.TP
.B_untranslated [ \-h\fR, \fB\-\-help ]\fR
Prints a short usage description.
.TP
\fB[ eD2k-link ]\fR
Adds an eD2k-link to the core.
.PP
The eD2k link to be added can be:
.RS 3
.IP \(bu 2
a file link (ed2k://|file|...), it will be added to the download queue;
.IP \(bu 2
a server link (ed2k://|server|...), it will be added to the server list;
.IP \(bu 2
a serverlist link, in which case all servers in the list will be added to the server list;
.IP \(bu 2
a magnet link.
.RE
.SH FILES
~/.aMule/*
.SH REPORTING BUGS
Please report bugs either on our forum (\fIhttp://forum.amule.org/\fR), or in our bugtracker (\fIhttp://bugs.amule.org/\fR).
Please do not report bugs in e-mail, neither to our mailing list nor directly to any team member.
.SH COPYRIGHT
aMule and all of its related utilities are distributed under the GNU General Public License.
.SH SEE ALSO
.B_untranslated alcc\fR(1), \fBamule\fR(1), \fBamulecmd\fR(1), \fBamulegui\fR(1), \fBamuleweb\fR(1), \fBcas\fR(1), \fBed2k\fR(1)
.SH AUTHOR
This manpage was written by Vollstrecker <amule@vollstreckernet.de>
