.TH AMULECMD 1 "March 2005" "aMuleCmd v2.0.0" "aMule utilities"
.SH NAME
amulecmd \- Text-based program to control aMule
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B amulecmd
.RB [ \-h " " \fI<host> ]
.RB [ \-p " " \fI<port> ]
.RB [ \-P " " \fI<passwd> ]
.RB [ \-f " " \fI<path> ]
.RB [ \-l " " \fI<lang> ]
.RB [ \-q ]
.RB [ \-v ]
.RB [ \-w ]
.RB [ \-c " " \fI<command> ]
.PP
.B amulecmd
.RB [ \-f " " \fI<path> ]
.B \-\-create-config-from=\fI<path>
.PP
.B amulecmd
.RB [ \-\-help ]
.RB [ \-\-version ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBamulecmd\fR is a text-based client to control aMule.
Useful help can be obtained when you launch the program.
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-host\fR=\fI<host>\fR
host where aMule is running (default: \fIlocalhost\fR). \fI<host>\fR might be an IP address or a DNS name
.TP
\fB\-p\fR, \fB\-\-port\fR=\fI<port>\fR
aMule's port for External Connections, as set in Preferences->Remote Controls (default: \fI4712\fR)
.TP
\fB\-P\fR, \fB\-\-password\fR=\fI<passwd>\fR
External Connections password
.TP
\fB\-f\fR, \fB\-\-config\-file\fR=\fI<path>\fR
use the given configuration file. Default configuration file is \fI~/.aMule/remote.conf\fR
.TP
\fB\-l\fR, \fB\-\-locale\fR=\fI<lang>\fR
Sets program locale (language).
See section \fBNOTES\fR for the description of the \fI<lang>\fR parameter.
.TP
\fB\-q\fR, \fB\-\-quiet\fR
do not print any output to stdout. This seems to be a very much useless option with \fBamulecmd\fR.
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-verbose\fR
be verbose \- show also debug messages
.TP
\fB\-w\fR, \fB\-\-write\-config\fR
write command line options to config file and exit
.TP
\fB\-c\fR, \fB\-\-command\fR=\fI<command>\fR
execute \fI<command>\fR as if it was entered at amulecmd's prompt and exit.
.TP
\fB\-\-create\-config\-from\fR=\fI<path>\fR
create config file based upon \fI<path>\fR, which must point to a valid aMule config file, and then exit
.TP
\fB\-\-help\fR
display usage help information and exit
.TP
\fB\-\-version\fR
output program version information and exit
.SH NOTES
.SS Paths
For all options which take a \fI<path>\fR value, if the \fIpath\fR contains no directory part (i.e. just a plain filename), then it is considered to be under the aMule configuration directory, \fI~/.aMule\fR.
.SS Languages
The \fI<lang>\fR parameter for the \fB\-l\fR option has the following form: \fIlang\fR[\fB_\fILANG\fR][\fB.\fIencoding\fR][\fB@\fImodifier\fR]
where \fIlang\fR is the primary language, \fILANG\fR is a sublanguage/territory, \fIencoding\fR is the character set to use and \fImodifier\fR
"allows the user to select a specific instance of localization data within a single category".
.PP
For example, the following strings are valid:
.br
fr
.br
fr_FR
.br
de_DE.iso88591
.br
de_DE@euro
.br
de_DE.iso88591@euro
.PP
Though all the above strings are accepted as valid language definitions, \fIencoding\fR and \fImodifier\fR are yet unused.
.PP
In addition to the format above, you can also specify full language names in English - so \fB\-l german\fR is also valid and is equal to \fB-l de_DE\fR.
.PP
When no locale is defined, either on command-line or in config file, system default language will be used.
.SH FILES
~/.aMule/remote.conf
.SH EXAMPLE
Typically amulecmd will be first run as:
.PP
\fBamulecmd\fR \fB\-h\fR \fIhostname\fR \fB\-p\fR \fIECport\fR \fB\-P\fR \fIECpassword\fR \fB\-w\fR
.PP
or
.PP
\fBamulecmd\fR \fB\-\-create-config-from\fR=\fI/home/username/.aMule/amule.conf\fR
.PP
These will save settings to \fI$HOME/.aMule/remote.conf\fR, and later you only need to type:
.PP
.B amulecmd
.PP
Of course, you don't have to follow this example.
.SH REPORTING BUGS
Please report bugs either on our forum (\fIhttp://forum.amule.org/\fR), or in our bugtracker (\fIhttp://bugs.amule.org/\fR).
Please do not report bugs in e-mail, neither to our mailing list nor directly to any team member.
.SH COPYRIGHT
aMule and all of its related utilities are distributed under the GNU General Public License.
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBamule\fR(1), \fBamuleweb\fR(1)
