.TH AMULEGUI 1 "January 2010" "aMuleGUI v2.3.0" "aMuleGUI"
.als B_untranslated B
.als RB_untranslated RB
.als unstranslated " "
amulegui \- aMule control program with GUI
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B_untranslated amulegui
.RB [ \-c " " \fI<path> ]
.RB [ \-geometry " " \fI<geom> ]
.RB_untranslated [ \-o ]
.RB_untranslated [ \-r ]
.RB_untranslated [ \-s ]
.RB [ \-t " " \fI<num> ]

.B_untranslated amulegui
.RB_untranslated [ \-v ]

.B_untranslated amulegui
.RB_untranslated [ \-h ]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.B amulegui
is a client program, and can be connected to amule or amuled via EC. You
can manage your amule program with it. It provides almost the same functionalities as amule, even if the core works on another computer.
.TP
\fB[ \-c\fR \fI<path>\fR, \fB\-\-config\-dir\fR=\fI<path>\fR \fB]\fR
Read config from \fI<path>\fR instead of home
.TP
\fB[ \-geometry \fI<geom>\fR \fB]\fR
Sets the geometry of the app. \fI<geom>\fR uses the same format as standard X11 apps:	[\fB=\fR][\fI<width>\fR{\fBxX\fR}\fI<height>\fR][{\fB+-\fR}\fI<xoffset>\fR{\fB+-\fR}\fI<yoffset>\fR]
.TP
.B_untranslated [ \-o\fR, \fB\-\-log\-stdout ]\fR
Prints log messages to stdout.
.TP
.B_untranslated [ \-r\fR, \fB\-\-reset\-config ]\fR
Resets config to default values.
.TP
.B_untranslated [ \-s\fR, \fB\-\-skip ]\fR
Skip connection dialog.
.TP
\fB[ \-t\fR, \fB\-\-category\fR=\fI<num>\fR \fB]\fR
Set category for passed eD2k links to \fI<num>\fR
.TP
.B_untranslated [ \-h\fR, \fB\-\-help ]\fR
Prints a short usage description.
.TP
.B_untranslated [ \-v\fR, \fB\-\-version ]\fR
Displays the current version number.
.SH REPORTING BUGS
Please report bugs either on our forum (\fIhttp://forum.amule.org/\fR), or in our bugtracker (\fIhttp://bugs.amule.org/\fR).
Please do not report bugs in e-mail, neither to our mailing list nor directly to any team member.
.SH COPYRIGHT
aMule and all of its related utilities are distributed under the GNU General Public License.
.SH SEE ALSO
.B_untranslated alc\fR(1), \fBalcc\fR(1), \fBamuled\fR(1), \fBamulecmd\fR(1), \fBamuleweb\fR(1), \fBcas\fR(1), \fBed2k\fR(1), \fBwxcas\fR(1), \fBxas\fR(1)
.SH AUTHOR
This manpage was written by Julien Delange for Debian <julien AT gunnm DOT org>

This manpage was rewritten by Vollstrecker <amule@vollstreckernet.de>