.TH AMULECMD 1 "January 2010" "aMuleCmd v2.2.6" "aMule utilities"
.als B_untranslated B
.als RB_untranslated RB
.SH NAME
amulecmd \- Console-based program to control aMule
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B_untranslated amulecmd
.RB [ \-h " " \fI<host> ]
.RB [ \-p " " \fI<port> ]
.RB [ \-P " " \fI<password> ]
.RB [ \-f " " \fI<path> ]
.RB_untranslated [ \-q ]
.RB_untranslated [ \-v ]
.RB [ \-l " " \fI<lang> ]
.RB { " " [ \-w ] " " | " " [ \-c " " \fI<command> ] " " }

.B_untranslated amulecmd
.RB [ \-\-create\-config\-from " " \fI<path> ]

.B_untranslated amulecmd
.RB_untranslated [ \-\-version ]

.B_untranslated amulecmd
.RB_untranslated [ \-\-help ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B_untranslated amulecmd
is a console-based client to control aMule.
.TP
\fB[ \-h\fR \fI<host>\fR, \fB\-\-host\fR=\fI<host>\fR \fB]\fR
Host where aMule is running (default: \fIlocalhost\fR).
\fI<host>\fR might be an IP address or a DNS name
.TP
\fB[ \-p\fR \fI<port>\fR, \fB\-\-port\fR=\fI<port>\fR \fB]\fR
aMule's port for External Connections, as set in Preferences->Remote Controls (default: \fI4712\fR)
.TP
\fB[ \-P\fR \fI<password>\fR, \fB\-\-password\fR=\fI<password>\fR \fB]\fR
External Connections password.
.TP
\fB[ \-f\fR \fI<path>\fR, \fB\-\-config\-file\fR=\fI<path>\fR \fB]\fR
Use the given configuration file.
Default configuration file is \fI~/.aMule/remote.conf\fR
.TP
.B_untranslated [ \-q\fR, \fB\-\-quiet ]\fR
Do not print any output to stdout.
.TP
.B_untranslated [ \-v\fR, \fB\-\-verbose ]\fR
Be verbose \-
show also debug messages.
.TP
\fB[ \-l\fR \fI<lang>\fR, \fB\-\-locale\fR=\fI<lang>\fR \fB]\fR
Sets program locale (language).
See section \fBLANGUAGES\fR for the description of the \fI<lang>\fR parameter.
.TP
.B_untranslated [ \-w\fR, \fB\-\-write\-config ]\fR
Write command line options to config file and exit
.TP
\fB[ \-c\fR \fI<command>\fR, \fB\-\-command\fR=\fI<command>\fR \fB]\fR
Execute \fI<command>\fR as if it was entered at amulecmd's prompt and exit.
.TP
\fB[ \-\-create\-config\-from\fR=\fI<path>\fR \fB]\fR
Create config file based upon \fI<path>\fR, which must point to a valid aMule config file, and then exit
.TP
.B_untranslated [ \-v\fR, \fB\-\-version ]\fR
Displays the current version number.
.TP
.B_untranslated [ \-h\fR, \fB\-\-help ]\fR
Prints a short usage description.
.SH COMMANDS
All commands are case insensitive.
.SS \fBAdd\fR \fI<eD2k-link>\fR \fB|\fR \fI<magnet-link>\fR
Adds an eD2k-link or an magnet-link to the core.
.TP
The eD2k link to be added can be:
.2TP
*) a file link (ed2k://|file|...), it will be added to the download queue;

.2TP
*) a server link (ed2k://|server|...), it will be added to the server list;

.2TP
*) a serverlist link, in which case all servers in the list will be added to the server list;

.TP
The magnet link must contain the eD2k hash and file length.
.TP
This command must have an argument.
.SS \fBCancel\fR \fI<hash>\fR \fB|\fR \fI<number>\fR
Cancels the download specified by \fI<hash>\fR or \fI<number>\fR. To get the value use \fIshow\fR.
.SS \fBConnect\fR \fB[\fR \fIkad\fR \fB|\fR \fIed2k\fR \fB|\fR \fI<ip|name>\fR \fB]\fR
Connect to the network.

This will connect to all networks that are enabled in Preferences.

When giving ed2k as parameter, it connects only to eD2k-network to servers in your
serverlist. You may also optionally specify a server address in IP:Port form, to
connect to that server only. The IP must be a dotted decimal IPv4 address, or a
resolvable DNS name.

When giving kad, it connects to Kad only.
.SS \fBDisconnect\fR \fB[\fR \fI<ed2k>\fR \fB|\fR \fI<kad>\fR \fB]\FR

Disconnect from all networks you are connected to, or just disconnect from the
specified network.
.SS \fBDownload\fR \fI<number>\fR
Start downloading a file.

The \fI<number>\fR of a file from the last search has to be given.
Example: 'download 12' will start to download the file with the number 12 of the
previous search.

This command must have an argument.
.SS \fBExit\fR
Disconnect from amule/amuled and quit amulecmd.
.SS \fBGet\fR \fI<value>\fR
.TP
Get and display a preference value.
.TP
This command is incomplete, available values are listed below.
.TP
Available values:
.2TP
BwLimits
\[u0009] Get
bandwidth limits.

.2TP
IPFilter
\[u0009] Get
IPFilter preferences.
.SS \fBHelp [\fR \fI<command>\fR \fB]\fR
Prints a short usage description.
If called without parameter, it shows a list of available commands.
If called with \fI<command>\fR, it shows a short description of the given command.
.SS \fBPause\fR \fI<hash>\fR \fB|\fR \fI<number>\fR
Pauses the download specified by \fI<hash>\fR or \fI<number>\fR. To get the value use \fIshow\fR.
.SS \fBPriority\fR \fI<priority>\fR
.TP
Set priority of a download to Low, Normal, High or Auto.
.TP
This command must have an argument.
.TP
This command is incomplete, available values are listed below.
.TP
Available values:
.2TP
Auto
\[u0009] Set priority to auto.

.2TP
High
\[u0009] Set priority to high.

.2TP
Low
\[u0009] Set priority to low.

.2TP
Normal
\[u0009] Set priority to normal.
.SS \fBProgress\fR
Shows the progress of an on\-going search.

This command can't have an argument.
.SS \fBQuit\fR
Exits the App.

This command can't have an argument.
.SS \fBReload\fR \fI<object>\fR
.TP
Reloads a given object.
.TP
This command is incomplete, available values are listed below.
.TP
Available values:
.2TP
BwLimits
\[u0009] Reload
bandwidth limits.

.2TP
IPFilter
\[u0009] Reload
IPFilter preferences.
.SS \fBReset\fR
Reset the log.

This command can't have an argument.
.SS Results\fR
Shows you the results of the last search.

This command can't have an argument.
.SS \fBResume\fR \fI<hash>\fR \fB|\fR \fI<number>\fR
Resumes the download specified by \fI<hash>\fR or \fI<number>\fR. To get the value use \fIshow\fR.
.SS \fBSearch\fR \fIglobal\fR \fB|\fR \fIkad\fR \fB|\fR \fIlocal\fR \fI<file>\fR
Makes a search for the given \fI<file>\fR. A searchtype and a file to search is mandatory to do this.
\fIExample\fR 'search kad amule' performs a kad search for amule.
.TP
Available values:
.2TP
global
\[u0009] performs a global search

.2TP
kad
\[u0009] performs a search on kad network

.2TP
local
\[u0009] performs a local search
.SS \fBSet\fR \fI<value>\fR
Sets a given preferences value.

This command is incomplete, available values are listed below.
.TP
Available values:
.2TP
BwLimits
\[u0009] Set
bandwidth limits.

.2TP
IPFilter
\[u0009] Set
IPFilter preferences.
.SS \fBShow\fR \fIDL\fR \fB|\fR \fILog\fR \fB|\fR \fIServers\fR \fB|\fR \fIUL\fR
Shows upload/download queue, servers list or shared files list.

This command must have an argument.

This command is incomplete, available values are listed below.
.TP
Available values:
.2TP
DL
\[u0009] Show download queue.

.2TP
Log
\[u0009] Show log.

.2TP
Servers
\[u0009] Show servers list.

.2TP
UL
\[u0009] Show upload queue.
.SS \fBShutdown\fR
Shutdown the remote running core (amule/amuled).
This will also shut down the text client, since it is unusable without a running core.

This command can't have an argument.
.SS \fBStatistics\fR <number>
Show statistics tree.

The optional \fInumber\fR in the range of 0-255 can be passed as argument to this
command, which tells how many entries of the client version subtree should be
shown. Passing 0, or omitting it means 'unlimited'.

\fIExample:\fR 'statistics 5' will show only the top 5 versions for each client
type.
.SS \fBStatus\fR
Show connection status, current up/download speeds, etc.

.SH NOTES
.SS Paths
For all options which take a \fI<path>\fR value, if the \fIpath\fR contains no
directory part (i.e. just a plain filename), then it is considered to be under
the aMule configuration directory, \fI~/.aMule\fR.
.SS LANGUAGES
The \fI<lang>\fR parameter for the \fB\-l\fR option has the following form: \fIlang\fR[\fB_\fILANG\fR][\fB.\fIencoding\fR][\fB@\fImodifier\fR]
where \fIlang\fR is the primary language, \fILANG\fR is a sublanguage/territory,
\fIencoding\fR is the character set to use and \fImodifier\fR
allows the user to select a specific instance of localization data within a
single category.
.TP
For example, the following strings are valid:
.2TP
de

.2TP
de_DE

.2TP
de_DE.iso88591

.2TP
de_DE@euro

.2TP
de_DE.iso88591@euro
.P
Though all the above strings are accepted as valid language definitions,
\fIencoding\fR and \fImodifier\fR are yet unused.

In addition to the format above, you can also specify full language names in
English - so \fB\-l german\fR is also valid and is equal to \fB-l de_DE\fR.

When no locale is defined, either on command-line or in config file, system
default language will be used.
.SH FILES
~/.aMule/remote.conf
.SH EXAMPLE
Typically amulecmd will be first run as:
.PP
\fBamulecmd\fR \fB\-h\fR \fIhostname\fR \fB\-p\fR \fIECport\fR \fB\-P\fR \fIECpassword\fR \fB\-w\fR
.PP
or
.PP
\fBamulecmd\fR \fB\-\-create-config-from\fR=\fI/home/username/.aMule/amule.conf\fR
.PP
These will save settings to \fI$HOME/.aMule/remote.conf\fR, and later you only need to type:

.B_untranslated amulecmd

Of course, you don't have to follow this example.
.SH REPORTING BUGS
Please report bugs either on our forum (\fIhttp://forum.amule.org/\fR), or in our bugtracker (\fIhttp://bugs.amule.org/\fR).
Please do not report bugs in e-mail, neither to our mailing list nor directly to any team member.
.SH COPYRIGHT
aMule and all of its related utilities are distributed under the GNU General Public License.
.SH SEE ALSO
.B_untranslated amule\fR(1), \fBamuled\fR(1)
.SH AUTHOR
This manpage was written by Vollstrecker <amule@vollstreckernet.de>
