.TH AMULEWEB 1 "Settembre 2009" "aMule webserver v2.2.6" "aMule utilities"
.SH NOME
amuleweb \- Server web aMule
.SH SINOPSI
.B amuleweb
.RB [ \-h " " \fI<host> ]
.RB [ \-p " " \fI<port> ]
.RB [ \-P " " \fI<passwd> ]
.RB [ \-f " " \fI<path> ]
.RB [ \-q ]
.RB [ \-v ]
.RB [ \-l " " \fI<lang> ]
.RB [ \-w ]
.RB [ \-t " " \fI<name> ]
.RB [ \-s " " \fI<port> ]
.RB [ \-u ]
.RB [ \-U ]
.RB [ \-z ]
.RB [ \-Z ]
.RB [ \-A " " \fI<pass> ]
.RB [ \-G " " \fI<pass> ]
.RB [ \-a ]
.RB [ \-d ]
.RB [ \-L ]
.RB [ \-N ]
.PP
.B amuleweb
.RB [ \-f " " \fI<path> ]
.B \-\-create-config-from=\fI<path>
.PP
.B amuleweb
.RB [ \-\-help ]
.RB [ \-\-version ]
.PP
.B amuleweb \-\-amule\-config\-file=\fI<path>
.PP
.B amuleweb \-\-no\-php
.SH DESCRIZIONE
\fBamuleweb\fR gestisce il tuo accesso ad amule attraverso un browser web.
Puoi avviare amuleweb assieme ad \fBamule\fR(1), o separatamente, in tempi successivi.
Le opzioni possono essere specificate tramite linea di comando oppure tramite file di configurazione.
Le opzioni da linea di comando hanno la precedenza sulle opzioni da file di configurazione.
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-host\fR=\fI<host>\fR
L'host in cui aMule è in esecuzione (predefinito: \fIlocalhost\fR).
\fI<host>\fR potrebbe essere un indirizzo IP o un nome DNS.
.TP
\fB\-p\fR, \fB\-\-port\fR=\fI<port>\fR
La porta di aMule per connessioni esterne, come impostato in Preferenze->Controlli remoti (predefinita: \fI4712\fR).
.TP
\fB\-P\fR, \fB\-\-password\fR=\fI<passwd>\fR.
Password per le connessioni esterne.
.TP
\fB\-f\fR, \fB\-\-config\-file\fR=\fI<path>\fR
Utilizza il file di configurazione fornito.
Il file di configurazione predefinito è \fI~/.aMule/remote.conf\fR .
.TP
\fB\-q\fR, \fB\-\-quiet\fR
Non mostrare alcun output in stdout.
You may want to use \fB\-q\fR to daemonize the webserver, i.e. running as '\fBamuleweb \-q &\fR'.
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-verbose\fR
Sii prolisso \- mostra anche i messaggi di debug.
.TP
\fB\-l\fR, \fB\-\-locale\fR=\fI<lang>\fR
Imposta il locale del programma (lingua).
See section \fBLANGUAGES\fR for the description of the \fI<lang>\fR parameter.
.TP
\fB\-w\fR, \fB\-\-write\-config\fR
Writes command line options to config file and exit.
.TP
\fB\-\-create\-config\-from\fR=\fI<path>\fR
Creates config file based upon \fI<path>\fR, which must point to a valid aMule config file, and then exit.
.TP
\fB\-t\fR, \fB\-\-template\fR=\fI<name>\fR
Loads the template named \fI<name>\fR. See also the section
.B SKIN SUPPORT.
.TP
\fB\-s\fR, \fB\-\-server\-port\fR=\fI<port>\fR
Porta HTTP del server web. Questa è la porta su cui puoi pontare il tuo browser (predefinita: \fI4711\fR).
.TP
\fB\-z\fR, \fB\-\-enable\-upnp\fR
Abilita l'utilizzo dell'inoltro di una porta UPnP sulla porta del server web.
.TP
\fB\-U\fR, \fB\-\-upnp\-port\fR
Porta UPnP.
.TP
\fB\-z\fR, \fB\-\-enable\-gzip\fR
Enables using gzip compression in HTTP traffic to save bandwidth.
.TP
\fB\-Z\fR, \fB\-\-disable\-gzip\fR
Disables using gzip compression (this is the default).
.TP
\fB\-A\fR, \fB\-\-admin\-pass\fR=\fI<passwd>\fR
Full access password for webserver.
.TP
\fB\-G\fR, \fB\-\-guest\-pass\fR=\fI<passwd>\fR
Password ospite per il server web.
.TP
\fB\-a\fR, \fB\-\-allow\-guest\fR
Permette l'accesso di ospiti.
.TP
\fB\-d\fR, \fB\-\-deny\-guest\fR
Nega l'accesso di ospiti (predefinito).
.TP
\fB\-L\fR, \fB\-\-load\-settings\fR
Load/save webserver settings from/to remote aMule.
This causes amuleweb to ignore command-line and config-file settings, and load them from aMule.
When saving preferences none will be written to the config file, but to aMule.
(Of course, this works only for those settings that can be set in aMule's Preferences->Remote Controls.)
.TP
\fB\-N\fR, \fB\-\-no\-script\-cache\fR
Recompiles PHP pages on each request.
.TP
\fB\-\-amule\-config\-file\fR=\fI<path>\fR
aMule config file path.
.B DO NOT USE DIRECTLY!
aMule uses this option when starting amuleweb at aMule startup.
This option causes all other command-line and config-file settings to be ignored, preferences to be read from the given config file, and also implies the \fB\-q \-L\fR options.
.TP
\fB\-\-help\fR
Mostra una breve descrizione di utilizzo.
.TP
\fB\-\-version\fR
Mostra il numero di versione corrente.
.SH NOTE
.SS Percorsi
For all options which take a \fI<path>\fR value, if the \fIpath\fR contains no
directory part (i.e. just a plain filename), then it is considered to be under
the aMule configuration directory, \fI~/.aMule\fR.
.SS LANGUAGES
The \fI<lang>\fR parameter for the \fB\-l\fR option has the following form: \fIlang\fR[\fB_\fILANG\fR][\fB.\fIencoding\fR][\fB@\fImodifier\fR]
where \fIlang\fR is the primary language, \fILANG\fR is a sublanguage/territory,
\fIencoding\fR is the character set to use and \fImodifier\fR
"allows the user to select a specific instance of localization data within a
single category".
.PP
Per esempio, le stringhe seguenti sono valide:
.br
de
.br
de_DE
.br
de_DE.iso88591
.br
de_DE@euro
.br
de_DE.iso88591@euro
.PP
Though all the above strings are accepted as valid language definitions,
\fIencoding\fR and \fImodifier\fR are yet unused.
.PP
In addition to the format above, you can also specify full language names in
English - so \fB\-l german\fR is also valid and is equal to \fB-l de_DE\fR.
.PP
When no locale is defined, either on command-line or in config file, system
default language will be used.
.SH SKIN SUPPORT
\fBamuleweb\fR is capable of displaying information in different skins.
These skins are called templates, and you can make amuleweb load a specific template via the \fB\-t\fR command line option.
Templates are searched in two places: first in \fI~/.aMule/webserver/\fR and then in \fI$(pkgdatadir)/webserver/\fR 
(\fI$(pkgdatadir)\fR is the install location of architecture independent data, most likely something like /usr/share/amule).
Each template must be in a subdirectory of the template name, and this directory must contain all files the template needs.
The actual template filename must be aMule.tmpl.
.PP
For example, the default template (named 'default') is in webserver/default/, and this directory contains aMule.tmpl amongst a lot of image files.
.SH FILE
~/.aMule/remote.conf
.br
~/.aMule/webserver/
.br
\fI$(pkgdatadir)\fR/webserver/
.SH ESEMPIO
Typically amuleweb will be first run as:
.PP
\fBamuleweb\fR \fB\-h\fR \fIhostname\fR \fB\-p\fR \fIECport\fR \fB\-P\fR \fIECpassword\fR \fB\-s\fR \fIHTTPport\fR \fB\-A\fR \fIAdminPassword\fR \fB\-w\fR
.PP
or
.PP
\fBamuleweb\fR \fB\-\-create-config-from\fR=\fI/home/username/.aMule/amule.conf\fR
.PP
These will save settings to \fI$HOME/.aMule/remote.conf\fR, and later you only need to type:
.PP
.B amuleweb
.PP
Of course, you may specify any more or less options on the first example line, and you may also totally omit it.
.SH SEGNALARE BUG
Please report bugs either on our forum (\fIhttp://forum.amule.org/\fR), or in our bugtracker (\fIhttp://bugs.amule.org/\fR).
Please do not report bugs in e-mail, neither to our mailing list nor directly to any team member.
.SH COPYRIGHT
aMule e tutte le sue utilità correlate sono distribuite sotto la GNU General Public License.
.SH CONSULTA ANCHE
\fBamule\fR(1), \fBamulecmd\fR(1)
